[AUDIO LOGO]
>>CARLY LETZT:
It's the mid '80s.
I'm in high school.
I'm a top athlete
and a top student.
And I'm extremely
traumatized and stressed.
But I didn't know it yet.
I developed an
identity to not feel
and to perform at a
really high level.
But I didn't know how that was
going to affect and shape me
as I moved forward in life.
So now let's fast forward
to the early 2000s.
And I'm a practicing
chiropractor.
And I've been through
a lot of healing,
really amazing
different modalities
and experiences, things
that you've all heard
about before it was even cool--
breathwork, yoga,
transcendental meditation--
that all alongside my
chiropractic curriculum
and a body of work
that you might have
heard of called Network Spinal.
I eventually became one of
the international instructors
of that particular technique.
But now let's go back
to the early 2000s.
At the end of my
morning, adjusting hours,
I had my last patient
of the morning
who insisted that I lay
on my own adjusting table.
And usually, I would have said
no to something like that.
She insisted that I lay
on my own adjusting table.
And she wanted to
do a reading for me.
What I hadn't told her
is that for many months,
after all of this healing
and transformational
work that I had done, I
was being visited regularly
by a beautiful feminine spirit.
And I laid on my own table.
And she said, my patient, do
you want to have children?
And I said, gosh,
I hope that I'm
blessed with a healthy,
beautiful child
in this lifetime.
She then said, do you care
if it's a boy or a girl?
And I said, no, just
a beautiful child.
She said, well, there's a
feminine spirit all around you.
And she's your future daughter.
And she's going to
lead you to her father.
And I said good
thing because I don't
want an Immaculate Conception
type of thing right now.
I'm not in a relationship.
And she just said,
don't worry, she's
going to lead you to her father.
Let's fast forward a few
years into the future, when
the veil was not quite so thin.
And when I thought back to
these experiences, I thought,
I must have been imagining this.
Was I losing my mind?
Because I had kissed
a lot of toads.
And none of them
turned into a prince.
And then the first time I heard
Mark's voice in the mid 2000s,
it all came rushing back to me.
I knew instantly that my patient
many years before was right.
It resounded through my field.
It's him.
And I was like, oh, my gosh.
A couple of years
later, we were married.
And a couple of
years after that, we
had our only child
who's about to turn 16.
That experience and a
lot of the other mystical
experiences before that informed
how I worked with people
and how I've worked with myself
and went through my own healing
process.
Here are some of the
takeaways from that time
and continued
through to this day.
We are stringed instruments
of consciousness.
What I mean by that
is our nervous system,
specifically our spinal cord,
attaches to bone up in our neck
and down at the sacrum.
Our spinal cord isn't really
any different than a guitar
string or a cello or a violin.
And we can be in coherence
or out of coherence.
When we have experiences
that are overwhelming to us,
where something happens
or many things happen
that are too soon,
too fast, too much,
or somehow we've been neglected,
we store that trauma and energy
in our nervous system, in
our field, and in our body.
But the cool thing is
we have an opportunity
to connect and release that.
And connecting and
releasing the energy
that we bind at other
times in our life
really is what gives us access
to the quantum, to the field--
to the field of
all possibilities.
This is an overlooked
aspect of healing, health,
and transformation.
I've seen many people over the
years who eat perfectly, do
yoga, do breathwork.
But they haven't really
connected to the bound energy
that they've stored, which
is nothing wrong with--
there's no judgment in that--
but that they've
stored over time
to be able to feel safe and
move forward in their life.
I'm here to tell
all of you or really
to invite you to witness
with me and join me
in this quantum human evolution
that I know many of you
are aware of.
And if you haven't
yet, this is the time
to connect and release
any bound energy from past
and allowing that to guide
you forward in your life
because it is a missing piece.
And it's very needed now.
All of us are here to share and
receive gifts and to connect
to that everlasting,
ever-present,
transcendent aspect--
the soul.
It's timeless.
There's no beginning and no end.
And our access to that
is through our recovery
from stress and trauma.
See, all of you are souls.
You're not roles.
You're not stagnant
roles in life.
You're ever-present,
transcendent souls.
And every single one
of you is unique.
Every single one of you is
unique, like a fingerprint.
Even identical twins don't
have the same fingerprint.
Even identical twins
don't have the same soul.
So in this quantum human
evolution, we are all important.
We all matter.
And it is time to connect to
that everlasting, ever-present
quantum aspect.
And throughout my
life and my career,
that is the thing that
consistently stays with us.
And we can go through life
with using a lot of effort
and the physical.
Or we can connect to
that transcendent aspect
and look at the
stresses and traumas
that we've experienced
as a portal
to connecting to the field, to
the quantum, and to our souls.
Thank you so much for
being here with us today.
[APPLAUSE]
[AUDIO LOGO]